Update migration-migrate-settings.md (#3771)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/migration/migration-migrate-settings.md

2. Change to the Magento `/bin` directory or make sure it is added to your system PATH.

> 3. Make sure Magento is deployed in Default Mode (Developer Mode will cause validation errors in the Migration Tool)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info }
Make sure Magento is deployed in default mode. Developer mode causes validation errors in the migration tool.
```
